[Doc Improvement][Document preview support for LLM descriptions in manifest][3597403] (#10299)
MicrosoftDocs/msteams-docs: msteams-platform/messaging-extensions/high-quality-message-extension.md

* Include verbs and synonyms, if applicable.
* Focus on keywords that are likely to be used in the search function of your native apps.

> Use the [semanticDescription](../resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#composeextensionscommands) field to describe your command for consumption by Microsoft Copilot, including expected values, limits, and ranges. Unlike the regular `description` field, *semanticDescription* allows for up to 5000 characters and will never be exposed in the user interface. If left empty, Copilot will fall back to the *description* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 The [semanticDescription](../resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#composeextensionscommands) property is used to provide a detailed description of a command for Microsoft Copilot. This field allows for up to 5000 characters and isn't displayed in the user interface. If the `semanticDescription` property is left empty, Copilot uses the information in the `description` field. When writing a `semanticDescription`, you must include information about expected values, limits, and ranges for the command.
```

Author: Saying "you must include" might be too strong, as I don't think this is enforced as a requirement. How about:

> When writing a `semanticDescription`, include information about expected values, limits, and ranges for the command.

Reviewer: I thought that this is a mandatory requirement to add semantic description hence I used the term "you must" to emphasize. Please correct me if my understanding is not correct.

Each message extension command supports up to five parameters and first parameter must be visible in the message extension search bar. A parameter must have a good description, which must contain a combination of acceptable parameters, enums, acronyms, and output format.

> Use the [semanticDescription](../resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#composeextensionscommands) field to describe your parameters for consumption by Microsoft Copilot, including expected values, limits, and ranges. Unlike the regular `description` field, *semanticDescription* allows for up to 2000 characters and will never be exposed in the user interface. If left empty, Copilot will fall back to the *description* field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [semanticDescription](../resources/schema/manifest-schema-dev-preview.md#composeextensionscommands) property is used to provide a detailed description of a command for Microsoft Copilot. This field allows for up to 2000 characters and isn't displayed in the user interface. If the `semanticDescription` property is left empty, Copilot uses the information in the `description` field. When writing a `semanticDescription`, you must include information about expected values, limits, and ranges for the command.
```

Each message extension command supports up to five parameters and first parameter must be visible in the message extension search bar. A parameter must have a good description, which must contain a combination of acceptable parameters, enums, acronyms, and output format.

> [!NOTE]

> > **Semantic description** is available only in [public developer preview](../resources/dev-preview/developer-preview-intro.md).

Author: We can remove this now for GA

Author: Removed
